marco good morning one eighty walk into the clerk to
keep them inside
heads cares you approach the don't use is bliss wonderful
my name is marie cups saltire
due to if you like miss my husband mr salter
in your work was a clear kid he's out of
the town there are no things around here looks
boom strict and richards we have rules and restrictions
but in the end of the day
when the entertainment business
we've gone from the all so ball and with ben
tools but you know with a chain and go chief
we come lotta it sometimes to let us know what
that means a lot that's as someone who against it
technology
hey in progress
it's fine you here
each
the can't stand to punish
the socialist media stopped
social media yes it
it's peak hush hush
so you will be commanded by me
and put it back to me
you know you arrive in the very interesting time
we have lot works to do and you have a
coming out and all those two dates coming up we
need to start immediately
cool
besides not mentioning social media
is there anything i should avoid mentioning or or doing
yes
you need to avoid variant event
fate
i got introduced to humans
fucking we just quickly bring up to speed
hes can impair and she's technical support
i'm doing dish gonna watch that hyped hyped up shit
very long story short is if she was a singer
for a few years
but with and promoted to head of the ministry when
his mother passed away recently
it's actually suffered very important job back she feels like
he has been demoted is not true but that this
how he feels
on top of it hasn't gotten his office hit since
is currently being built and decorator we're hearing so he
just he did on that makeshift office one of his
own got this be repaired look at this for food
without know what what what shape to make matters worse
he
his successor is his fraternal twin said he didn't even
know bought before the switch
yeah i know i know i'm sure
she's going to be fine as time goes by and
him true said the several they beat it's all about
sense of purpose and sometimes it takes a while all
good and just so you know fratto
car t i o this called him car to see
i'm actually his aunt but she grew is my husband
and i basically been his parents she'll always be my
little boy that's the new guy it's complicated story who
the fuck years
that
it will make sense after a while it's all hi
it's over
it's fine
over
oh i have and her
oh hi i am for other to judith nice to
meet you judith i can call me
i've noticed see so p no arab further further impaired
or this is this is this is not my office
this is i'm waiting for a bigger one my room
go news you know like face so pitches is all
set to face swap feature that donlan you know that
the shit video and you saw yeah but good news
you are right yeah oh yeah
oh good call good you know i'm the boss around
here
and if you have any questions you can ask me
anything he's the boss here yes you can ask me
as curve you can ask me something but dude we
should ask her if she knows more than i and
he's the boss but i am the boss so they
can you paint by the only one i can i
control good resource of all about that yeah
we go off and do good stuff and to work
work work yeah well the clergy all come together ministry
so let's have fun
called good stuff